vmware: Using env variable for custom SSL path (#72273)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/scenario_guides/vmware_scenarios/vmware_requirements.rst

* Secure copy (SCP) ``rui.crt`` located in ``/etc/vmware/ssl`` directory to Ansible control node.

* Install the certificate file by the process that is appropriate for your operating system.

Using custom path for SSL certificates
--------------------------------------

> If you have custom path for SSL certificates, you can specify the path as environment variable in your playbook.
> 
> For example, ``/var/vmware/certs/vcenter1.crt`` is the path of SSL certificate for your vCenter Server, you can specify path value using ``REQUESTS_CA_BUNDLE`` in ``environment``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to use a custom path for SSL certificates, you can set the ``REQUESTS_CA_BUNDLE`` environment variable in your playbook.

For example, if ``/var/vmware/certs/vcenter1.crt`` is the SSL certificate for your vCenter Server, you can use the :ref:`environment <playbooks_environment>` keyword to pass it to the modules:
```
